 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 0.1.0 (YYYY-MM-DD)
**************************

* @ Update date above in Version header
* @ Update version number above to desired version number,
  rename release note file to match

  * @ ie, Version 0.1.0 -> docs/source/releases/v0_1_0.rst
  * @ Update docs/source/releases/index.rst with appropriate version number
* @ Update all portions of this release note identified with "@"
* @ Remove all lines containing "@"
* @ In this section, you can include a brief bulleted list of updates.

* Initial commit of @new functionality@

Major New Functionality
=======================

Add standard top level and installation files
---------------------------------------------

Standard README, release notes for initial release, and pyproject.toml
installation specifications.

::

    new file: README.md
    new file: docs/source/releases/v0_1_0.rst
    new file: pyproject.toml

Add @reader functionality 1@
----------------------------

* @functionality 1 description

::
  @package@/interface_modules/readers/@my_reader@**: @Info on reader

Add @module functionality 2@
----------------------------

* @functionality 2 description

::

  @package@/interface_modules/@module_type@/@my_module@**: @Info on module

Testing Updates
===============

Add standard test scripts
-------------------------

Include:

* complete test script for full package integration tests.
* Direct single source test calls.
* Complete functionality integration test.
* YAML procflow config to produce all available products.

  * @product1 test description@
  * @product2 test description@

::

    new file: tests/test_all.sh
    new file: @tests/scripts/@mydatatype@.tc.@product@.imagery_clean.sh@
    new file: tests/scripts/test_config.sh
    new file: tests/scripts/test_config.yaml
