 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.8.1 (2023-03-14)
**************************

* TROPICS validated data reader update
* black formatting updates
* setuptools_scm versioning
* CHANGELOG.md -> rst

Regression Fixes
================

Fix errors with new validated TROPICS datasets
----------------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#7: 2023-03-14, fix TROPICS reader errors*

Update TROPICS reader to work with all new variable names.

Note this includes adding an argument to xarray.open_dataset to NOT attempt
to convert time units, as well as updating variable names.

Also note we will likely eventually want to use the "time" variable rather than
constructing it from the Year, Month, Day, Hour, Minute, Second variables.

::

    modified: geoips_tropics/interface_modules/readers/tropics_L1B_netcdf.py
    

Installation Updates
====================

Use setuptools_scm for versioning
---------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#192: 2023-03-14, Update version process*

Replace VERSION file based versioning with setuptools_scm git tag based versioning.

::

    modified: setup.py
    modified: geoips_tropics/__init__.py
    removed: VERSION

Code Formatting and Style Updates
=================================

Apply black defaults to Python files
------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#126: 2023-03-14, apply black defaults*

::

    modified: geoips_tropics/interface_modules/readers/tropics_L1B_netcdf.py
    modified: geoips_tropics/interface_modules/user_colormaps/cmap_tropics.py
    modified: geoips_tropics/interface_modules/user_colormaps/cmap_tropics91.py
    modified: setup.py

Git Workflow Improvements
=========================

Add .github/release.yml for automated release notes
---------------------------------------------------

::

    new: .github/release.yml

Documentation Updates
=====================

Replace CHANGELOG.md with rst
-----------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#172: 2023-03-14, replace CHANGELOG.md with CHANGELOG.rst*

* Created new CHANGELOG.rst that follows new formatting requirements.
* Moved CHANGELOG.md to docs/source/releases for now - may rearrange into
  separate release notes in the future if desired.

::

    new file: CHANGELOG.rst
    renamed: CHANGELOG.md -> docs/source/releases/CHANGELOG.md
